## Base deployment

The `traefik-deployment.yml` base manifest desribes a classical 1-node
deployment of a Træfik reverse-proxy, that can be deployed in
[BOSH-Lite](https://bosh.io/docs/bosh-lite.html).

It enables a TLS endpoint with a custom certificate named `traefik_tls`,
signed by a custom Certificate Authority named `traefik_ca`. When you need
your Certificate Authority, or your certificate to be used, upload it in
CredHub with the correct `//<director-name>/<deployment-name>/<variable-name>`
path or put it in your `--vars-store` file prior to deploying.


## Cloud config

### `cloud-config/cf-integration.yml`

This Operation File is an example of how you can tweak the
[BOSH-Lite default cloud config](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/cf-deployment/blob/master/iaas-support/bosh-lite/cloud-config.yml)
and use Træfik as the main reverse-proxy in front of Cloud Foundry routers in
[BOSH-Lite](https://bosh.io/docs/bosh-lite.html).


## Operations files

### `operations/cf-integration.yml`

This operations file is an example of how to tweak the base deployment and use
Træfik as the main reverse-proxy in front of Cloud Foundry routers in
[BOSH-Lite](https://bosh.io/docs/bosh-lite.html).


### `operations/enable-lets-encrypt.yml`

This operation file enables the automatic provisioning of Let's Encrypt TLS
certificates. The HTTP-01 challenge is used.


### `operations/disable-default-tls-certificate.yml`

When the default kind-of-self-signed TLS certificate doesn't suit your needs,
then use this operation file to remove it.

(With v1.1.0 and before, default TLS certificates were necessary for the HTTPS
challenge to properly work. Now with v1.2.0 and onwards using the HTTP-01
challenge, the default TLS certificate must be deactivated, so this ops file
has been inlined into `enable-lets-encrypt.yml`.)


### `operations/enable-api.yml`

This operation file enables the `[api]` section of the configuration. This
provides an HTTPS entry-point for viewing the Træfik config through a
read-only web UI (but a read-write API). This managment UI runs on port `8443`
and is protected by a Digest Auth username and password.


### `operations/static-ip.yml`

Set a static IP to the Træfik reverse-proxy.


### `operations/rename-deployment.yml`

Allows to customize the deployment name.


### `operations/rename-network.yml`

Allows to customize the network name.


### `operations/latest-release.yml`

By default, the default deployment manifest pins this release version to the
latest final version available. When iterating on newer versions of this BOSH
release, you'll be interested in using the `latest` release that has been
uploaded to the BOSH Director. This is exactly what's provided by this
operations file.


## Deprecated operations files


### `operations/deprecated/enable-web-backend.yml`

This operation file enables the `web` backend for viewing the Træfik config
through a read-only web UI. This managment UI runs on port `8080` and is
protected by a Basic Auth username and password.

This alone is not compatible with the default `cf-integration.yml` ops file
that assumes the `web` backend is accessible on th `8443` port in order to
expose it on the main TLS entrypoint for a certain host. In such case, you'll
also need the `enable-web-backend-tls.yml` ops file.


### `operations/deprecated/enable-web-backend-tls.yml`

Together with `enable-web-backend.yml`, this enables TLS on the `web` backend,
and have it served on port `8443`.

This is required when using `enable-web-backend.yml` with the
`cf-integration.yml` ops file.


### `operations/deprecated/enable-web-backend-readwrite.yml`

This operation file enables the `web` backend for modifying the Træfik config
through a read-only web UI and a read-write API. Enabling this is discouraged
in production, unless proper access restrictions are applied on the `web`
backend, and TLS is enabled.
